Smell
This is also a restricted Universal generalization
But it's not the same as all cows moo
Rather
It's the same as all mooers are cows
We can paraphrase only cows moo
As
Everything is such that
Only if
Is a cow
Does it move
Now
Only if it is a cow
Does it mu
Only if marks the
Cow
Has the consequent
So the moon must be the antecedent so
Is
Equivalent to
If
It moves
Then
It is a cow
So we have everything is such that if it moves
Then it is a cow
New is
M
Cow is
Hey h
So
That's a conditional
And we have the universal quantifier out front
So this says
For every X If It Moves then it's a cow
And if you think about that
That says the same thing as
Only cows moo
Everything that moves is a cow those are equivalent